"I respectfully ask you, teacher, that you taught the opening
ceremony in the video. In that section, there's a
section for addressing the Buddha and a section for dedication.
Everyone addresses the Buddha according to the
instructions. As for the dedication section, we
can't find it
in the sections
you've taught in the
video. Our understanding is still
limited, and we're afraid that when we dedicate the merits to
each opening ceremony, we might not do it correctly. We
don't dare to think for ourselves.
Therefore, we hope you can
guide and teach us this part.
So, are those opening ceremony prayers
actually all include dedication? It's just that
those who came before didn't include it.
But here, you will have
all the opening ceremony programs. That is,
we already had the
opening ceremony program before.
It just changes the wording, '
karma' today. That's all. That's why
it can't be detailed and
specific. For example, today
we are addressing the Buddha, and we are asking about the karmic connections today."
This and we invite
the groups of spirits to come in at the
end to dedicate the merit, which is to fulfill the
wishes of the family so that they
come true. Do you understand this?
We must know this rule: when
addressing the Buddha, we must state the reason why we are
here. In the part of addressing the
Buddha, there is always a part inviting
the groups of spirits.
Do you understand this? When addressing the Buddha, we must state the reason
why we are here today.
First, it includes:
who are we addressing? Are they the Buddhas,
Bodhisattvas, Saints, Sangha, Deities, or Gods? That
is the target of our address, so that we may receive their blessings.
That is the target of our address. Second, we must state who we are,
what day it is today, and
who we are, our name is this, right?
And what is our position in
this ceremony?
Who assigned us to this? It's like a document for
communication, right?
We must have a letter of introduction, who
sent us here, and then, what are we here to do?
What is the purpose of our visit?  So,
today, this family invited
us here for some reason. Now, when we come to
work with them, who are the people we're inviting? That means we
have to invite some kind of spirit to come and
work with us.
We're dealing with
spirits. So,
we have to invite that person out to
work with us. Do you understand, dear friends?
We have to understand the person: I'm
here to build a house, to perform a ceremony for
them, so I'm inviting
their ancestors, the spirits on this land,
and any vengeful spirits to influence
their house construction. That means
we
have to invite them out to work with us,
right? That's the person we're dealing with. That's the
person, and that's the end of the ceremony. Then
we perform the ritual for the family,
offering food to those people.
That's the middle ritual.
And finally, the dedication of merit. What is that?
We pray for the family to receive something. May the
Buddhas bless them all.  Bodhisattva and holy
monk support, and the spirits support,
meaning that firstly,
we ask for support, and secondly, we assign
tasks to the spirits who support us—that
is, the people we work with,
and now we assign tasks to
them. We inform them that the family has already
made sufficient offerings to the spirits, or that they
have made offerings to the spirits, and then they happily dedicate the merit.
You
see, is it a rule? It's easy, isn't it? It's not difficult at all.
The main thing is
that we invited the wrong person or didn't invite
everyone. As
for the
document, that's all there is to it. The
main thing is that the
content of the work and the target of the work
change, but the document itself is just
one document. That's all. So
we just don't fully understand
our target of work; we're
stuck because of the target. And
secondly, we haven't been sent by anyone; we just come on our
own.  "If I die today, who do I represent?
It's like an office; people
go to work, and I represent them. But if I go alone,
who will receive me? The gods and spirits
only serve the Three Jewels. If I go
alone, I'm dead. The
benevolent gods and spirits serve the Three
Jewels. Suddenly, today I disobey no
one, I'm not following any Dharma, so
whoever sent me will only have evil
spirits come to fight me. The benevolent
spirits won't come because I'm
not following the Dharma. Do you understand
this, esteemed friends? Firstly, when we rely on the Three Jewels,
remember that the Dharma Protectors support us
completely. They support
us in our practice. They come to support us, but we haven't
practiced yet, so how can we have Dharma Protectors supporting us?
We are demons, and they will attack us.
Therefore, the object of our support comes from the Dharma Protectors. Do you
understand
this, esteemed friends? Secondly, the second object of
great support in the merit of Bodhi is..."
People support this Six Harmonies Dharma;
they support it. Because we have the Six Harmonies,
these Dharma protectors come to support
us. Without the Six Harmonies, these
Dharma protectors wouldn't support us. If we are alone, with our ego,
how can we receive that support? That's
why we say that we, in this Dharma center,
belong to the Golden Chrysanthemum Club and practice the Six Harmonies.
This Dharma gives rise to
Dharma protectors who are obligated to support us, dear
Buddhists. If we don't practice the
Six Harmonies, where would these Dharma protectors come from? Do you
understand this point, dear friends? It's
like when we volunteer to
join the army to get a
gun, to
have a commander, to
have all the necessary resources. If we just run
around aimlessly in enemy territory,
who will give us a gun? They might
think we're enemies and shoot us
dead, right? It's the same with
us. Why must we obey?
Because within obedience lies the Dharma.
Without obedience, where would the Dharma come from? Do you understand this point,
dear friends?  Without this, where would we get
the support of the Dharma protectors? Without the
support of the Dharma protectors, how can we invite
those spirits? We can't invite them, so
what else can we use to invite them? It's simply a matter of Dharma inviting them. Do you
understand this point, esteemed friends? If we don't have
Dharma protectors, we invite them for ourselves.
Therefore, we
must remember the power of the Dharma
protectors. Without Dharma protectors, we
have no power of the Dharma protectors. Do you
understand this point, esteemed friends? That's why
I said that since I started practicing Buddhism under my
Master, I have never disobeyed and
never acted on my own initiative. Because I know exactly what
spirituality is like. If we act on our own initiative,
without Dharma protectors, the spirits will come,
drag us, and attack us; we'll be dead. Do you
understand this point, esteemed friends? They'll attack us;
those spirits will follow us, and we'll be
dead. They'll attack us to death; it's
not a joke. Remember that?
Therefore, it's best for us to be
true Dharma practitioners so that we can
increase our Bodhi merit and receive
many protectors to help us.  I ca
n't do it alone because
I have past karma that I haven't finished bearing,
right? Therefore, we absolutely
must use Dharma protectors. Look,
in that sutra, there's a person who
slandered the Buddha. After
slandering him, not long after,
the Dharma protector used a
diamond-tipped staff to hit him on the head, shattering it into seven
pieces. That Dharma protector used a diamond-tipped staff to smash his
head
into seven pieces. So, if we follow the Dharma correctly,
anyone who dares to approach us will get beaten. What's
there to be afraid of? Do you understand this, esteemed friends?
Therefore, it's important that we follow the
Dharma correctly. Who assigned us to do this?
And has this assignment been instructed?
Have we done the things that have been instructed?
Have we been approved? Have we been
informed? Or should we just do it ourselves? Do you
understand this, esteemed friends?
Therefore, I will also create
a group to request to perform rituals so that
we can
ask about everything, even the smallest details.  For any ceremony, we
must text and ask for permission. This shows that
our reliance on the Sangha is strong, and
when we arrive today and are given
permission by the monks, the Dharma Protectors will be waiting at the Dharma
assembly tomorrow,
ready to assist us. We do
n't have to worry about anything. Otherwise,
we are in danger
because we lack a place of refuge;
we won't receive the support of the Dharma Protectors.
But once we have a place of refuge,
it's much more comfortable.
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause
]
[Music]